Acd 693 (#44)
Actindo-AG/Documentation: Fulfillment/UserInterface/01a_List.md

        - ![Publish](../../Assets/Icons/Publish.png "[Publish]") publish  
            Click this entry to publish the view. This menu entry is only displayed if a view has been selected and unpublished.

        - ![Unpublish](../../Assets/Icons/Unpublish.png "[Unpublish]") unpublish  
            Click this entry to unpublish the view. This menu entry is only displayed if a view has been selected and published.

        - ![Save](../../Assets/Icons/Save.png "[Save]") save  
            Click this entry to save the current view settings in the selected view. This menu entry is only displayed if a view has been selected.

            > [Info] When the settings of a view have been changed, an asterisk is displayed next to the view name. The asterisk is hidden as soon as the changes have been saved.

        - ![Delete](../../Assets/Icons/Trash01.png "[Delete]") delete  
            Click this entry to delete the selected view. A confirmation window to confirm the deletion is displayed. This menu entry is only displayed if a view has been selected.

> - Status  
>     Click the drop-down list and select a dispatch note status. The following options are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Status*   
    Click the drop-down list to select a dispatch note status. The following options are available:
```

    - **All statuses**  
        Select this option to display all dispatch notes, regardless of their status.
    - **New dispatch note**  
        Select this option to display all new dispatch notes.
    - **Transferred to partner**  
        Select this option to display all dispatch notes that have been transferred to the fulfiller.
    - **Partner confirmed receival**  
        Select this option to display all dispatch notes whose receival has been confirmed by the fulfiller.
    - **Dispatch note completed**  
        Select this option to display all dispatch notes that have been completed.
    - **Error**  

>         Select this option to display all dispatch notes that have given an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Select this option to display all faulty dispatch notes.
```

    - **Void**  
        Select this option to display all void dispatch notes.

> - Connections  
>     Click the drop-down list and select a connection. The following options are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Connections*   
    Click the drop-down list to select a connection. The following options are available:
```

    - **All connections**  
        Select this option to display the dispatch notes for all configured connections. 
    - **Connection name**  

>         Select this option to display the dispatch notes for the selected connection. When a specific connection has been selected, the **All connection** option is no longer displayed. Click the selected connection again to deselect it.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Select this option to display the dispatch notes for the selected connection. When a specific connection has been selected, the **All connections** option is no longer displayed. Click the selected connection again to deselect it.  
```

    Click this button to update the list of dispatch notes.

- ![Columns](../../Assets/Icons/Columns.png "[Columns]") Columns (x)   
    Click this button to display the columns bar and customize the displayed columns and the order of columns in the list. The *x* indicates the number of columns that are currently displayed in the list.

- ![Filter](../../Assets/Icons/Filter.png "[Filter]") Filter (x)   
    Click this button to display the filter bar and customize the active filters. The *x* indicates the number of filters that are currently active.

- [x]     
    Select the checkbox to display the editing toolbar. If you click the checkbox in the header, all dispatch notes in the list are selected.

- [VIEW]  
    Click this button to view a dispatch note. This button is only displayed if a single checkbox in the list of dispatch notes is selected. Alternatively, you can click directly a row in the list to view the corresponding dispatch note. 
    The *Dispatch note "Dispatch note ID"* view is displayed, see [Dispatch note "Dispatch note ID"](#dispatch-note-dispatch-note-id). The *Attributes* tab is preselected.

- [EXPORT]  

>     Click this button to export manually a dispatch note to the fulfiller. This button is displayed if the checkbox of at least one dispatch note is selected.
> 
>     > [Info] The dispatch note is exported automatically by the system. If the export fails, the dispatch note can be manually reexported. For detailed information, see [Export a dispatch note](../Operation/01_ManageDispatchNotes.md#export-a-dispatch-note).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Click this button to export a dispatch note to the fulfiller. This button is displayed if the checkbox of at least one dispatch note is selected.

    > [Info] The dispatch note is exported automatically by the system. If the export fails, the dispatch note can be manually re-exported. For detailed information, see [Export a dispatch note](../Operation/01_ManageDispatchNotes.md#export-a-dispatch-note).
```

- [FORCE COMPLETION]  

>     Click this button to complete a dispatch note. This button is displayed if the checkbox of at least one dispatch note is selected. For detailed information, see [Complete a dispatch note](../Operation/01_ManageDispatchNotes.md#complete-a-dispatch-note). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Click this button to complete a dispatch note. This button is displayed if the checkbox of at least one dispatch note is selected.   
    For detailed information, see [Complete a dispatch note](../Operation/01_ManageDispatchNotes.md#complete-a-dispatch-note). 
```

The list displays all dispatch notes. Depending on the settings, the displayed columns may vary. All fields are read-only.

- *Connection*  

>     Connection to fulfiller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Name of the connection to the fulfiller.
```

    - **New dispatch note**  
        The dispatch note has been newly created.
    - **Transferred to partner**  
        The dispatch note has been transferred to the fulfiller.
    - **Partner confirmed receival**  
        The fulfiller has confirmed receival of the dispatch note.
    - **Dispatch note completed**  
        The dispatch note has been completed.
    -  **Error**  
        The dispatch note has given an error while exporting.
    - **Void**  
        The dispatch note is void, for instance, because of an order cancellation.

- *Shipment status*  
    Status of shipment associated with the dispatch note. The following options are available:
    - ![Cross](../../Assets/Icons/Cross02.png "[Cross]") (Cross)   
        No shipment has been performed yet.  
    - ![Circular arrows](../../Assets/Icons/CircularArrows.png "[Circular arrows]") (Circular arrows)   
        The shipment is in progress.   
    - ![Double check](../../Assets/Icons/DoubleCheck.png "[Double check]") (Double check)    
        The shipment has been delivered.
    - ![Error](../../Assets/Icons/Warning02.png "[Error]") (Error)    
        The fulfiller has reported a shipment error.
    - Empty  

>         No information on the shipment status has been received from fulfiller.

Reviewer: s.o.

- *Description*  

>     Dispatch note description as defined by the user. Numbers, letters or a combination of characters may be used. The information provided in this field can be entered in the search bar to search for a specific dispatch note.

Reviewer: Ist das das einzige Feld, das bei der Suche beachtet wird? Falls ja, dann kann der letzte Satz drin bleiben. Wenn nicht, würde ich den letzten Satz streichen - ansonsten müsstest du das bei jedem Feld, das bei der Suche beachtet wird, ergänzen...

- *Created*  
    Date and time of the creation.

- *Modified*  
    Date and time of the last modification.

- *ID*  
    Dispatch note identification number. The ID number is automatically assigned by the system.

- *Status ID*  
  Dispatch note status identifier. The following options are available:
    - **new**
    - **transferred**
    - **confirmed**
    - **completed**
    - **error**

>     - **void**

Reviewer: Erläuterung der Optionen?

- *Carrier*  
    Carrier identifier.

- *Shipping type*  
    Type of shipment. The following options are available:  
    - **STND**  
        Standard shipping type.
    - **EXPR**  
        Express shipping type.

    > [Info] The shipping type can be set up in the *PACKAGING TYPES* tab in the *Settings* menu entry, see [Packaging types](./03b_PackagingTypes.md).

- *Shipping method*  

>     Shipping method (additional services) identifier.

Reviewer: auch wenn es geändert wird - jetzt bitte für eine Benennung entscheiden; also ohne was in Klammern...

[comment]: <> (Evtl. wird Bennenung geändert. In Packaging types als Additional services/shipping method.)

- Attribute    
    You can add a column for each attribute that is assigned to the dispatch note. The column displays the attribute name, the row displays the corresponding attribute value of the dispatch note.

## Dispatch note "Dispatch note ID"

*Fulfillment > Dispatch notes > Tab LIST > Select a dispatch note*

![Dispatch note ID](../../Assets/Screenshots/Fulfillment/DispatchNotes/DispatchNoteAttributes.png "[Dispatch note ID]")

**Dispatch note "Dispatch note ID"**

- ![Back](../../Assets/Icons/Back02.png "[Back]") (Back)   

>     Click this button to close the *Dispatch note "Dispatch note ID"* view and return to the list of dispatch notes.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Click this button to close the *Dispatch note "Dispatch note ID"* view and return to the list of dispatch notes. All changes are rejected.
```

- [CLOSE]  
    Click this button to close the *Dispatch note "Dispatch note ID"* view. The list of dispatch notes is displayed.

## Dispatch note "Dispatch note ID" &ndash; Attributes

*Fulfillment > Dispatch notes > Tab LIST > Select a dispatch note > Tab Attributes*

![Attributes](../../Assets/Screenshots/Fulfillment/DispatchNotes/DispatchNoteAttributes.png "[Attributes]")

> In the left margin column, all available attribute groups are displayed. Click a group to display the attributes that are assigned to this group on the right side of the *Attributes* tab. If the dispatch note contains attributes that are unassigned, the *Unassigned Group* group is automatically displayed in the left margin column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the left margin column, all available attribute groups are displayed. Click a group to display the attributes that are assigned to this group on the right side of the *Attributes* tab. If the dispatch note contains attributes that are unassigned, the *Unassigned group* attribute group is automatically displayed in the left margin column.
```

> The right side of the *Attributes* tab displays all attributes that are assigned to the selected group in the left margin column. Depending on the attribute group selected, the fields displayed vary. The dispatch note attributes are imported via the fulfiller driver. All fields are locked and, therefore, read-only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The right side of the *Attributes* tab displays all attributes that are assigned to the selected group in the left margin column. Depending on the selected attribute group, the displayed fields may vary. The dispatch note attributes are imported via the fulfiller driver. All fields are read-only.
```
Locked ungleich read-only. Vergleiche PIM (oder DataHub?!) -> da gibt es einige Felder, die wirklich "locked" sind - die haben dann aber so nen kleines Schloss-Symbol am Feld.

    Click this button to hide or display the left margin column with the attribute groups. When the left margin is displayed and you click this button, the column is hidden. When the column is hidden and you click this button, the column is displayed again.

## Dispatch note "Dispatch note ID" &ndash; Dependencies

*Fulfillment > Dispatch notes > Tab LIST > Select a dispatch note > Tab Dependencies*

![Dependencies](../../Assets/Screenshots/Fulfillment/DispatchNotes/DispatchNoteDependencies.png "[Dependencies]")

**Dependencies**

- ![Refresh](../../Assets/Icons/Refresh01.png "[Refresh]") (Refresh)   
    Click this button to update the list of dispatch note dependencies.

- ![Columns](../../Assets/Icons/Columns.png "[Columns]") Columns (x)   
    Click this button to display the columns bar and customize the displayed columns and the order of columns in the list. The *x* indicates the number of columns that are currently displayed in the list.

- [x]     
    Select the checkbox to display the editing toolbar. If you click the checkbox in the header, all dependent entities in the list are selected.

> The list displays all dependencies of the selected dispatch note. Depending on the settings, the displayed columns may vary. All fields are read-only. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list displays all dependencies of the selected dispatch note. Depending on the settings, the displayed columns may vary. All fields are read-only.    
If no dependent entities exist, the *No other entities depend on this entity* notice is displayed.
```

- *Dependent entity ID*   
    Identification number of the dependent entity. The ID number is automatically assigned by the system. 

- *Dependent entity type*   

>     Type of the dependent entity. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Type of the dependent entity. The available types depend on the installed plugins.
```

- *Change tracking mode*   
    Change tracking mode (ETL mode) of the dependent entity. The following options are available:
    - **Manual**

>     - **Semi-automatic**
>     - **Semi-automatic, changes must be confirmed by another user**   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Semiautomatic**
    - **Semiautomatic, changes must be confirmed by another user**   
```

    - **Automatic**

- *Dependent entity friendly identifier*   

>     Descriptive name of the dependent entity. The friendly identifier is normally used to search for the entity in the user interface, for example, a reference number or an SKU.

Reviewer: Sollten uns abstimmen- in PIM und OC steht es jetzt so:
"Further, more descriptive identifier of the dependent entity, for instance the SKU number or a bill number."

- [RERUN MAPPING]   
    Click this button to rerun the mapping of the selected entity. This button is only displayed if the checkbox of at least one dependency is selected.	

>     > [Info] If no dependent entities exist, the *No other entities depend on this entity* notice is displayed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Hier löschen; s.o.

- ![Refresh](../../Assets/Icons/Refresh01.png "[Refresh]") (Refresh)   
    Click this button to update the list of shipments.

- ![Columns](../../Assets/Icons/Columns.png "[Columns]") Columns (x)   
    Click this button to display the columns bar and customize the displayed columns and the order of columns in the list. The *x* indicates the number of columns that are currently displayed in the list.

- ![Filter](../../Assets/Icons/Filter.png "[Filter]") Filter (x)   
    Click this button to display the filter bar and customize the active filters. The *x* indicates the number of filters that are currently active.

The list displays all shipments. Depending on the settings, the displayed columns may vary. All fields are read-only.

- *ID*  
    Shipment identification number. The ID number is automatically assigned by the system.

- *Carrier*  
    Carrier identifier.

- *Connection*  
    Connection to fulfiller.

- *External ID*  
    Shipment identification number in the fulfiller's system. 

- *Status*  
  Shipment status. The following options are available:
    - **New shipment**
    - **Shipped**
    - **Delivered**
    - **Void**

>     - **Error**

Reviewer: Einrückung! Erläuterung?

- *Status info*  
    Additional status information provided by the fulfiller. 

- *Created*  
    Date and time of the creation.

- *Modified*    
    Date and time of the last modification.

- Attribute    
    You can add a column for each attribute that is assigned to the shipment. The column displays the attribute name, the row displays the corresponding attribute value of the shipment.

### Shipment attributes

*Fulfillment > Dispatch notes > Tab LIST > Select a dispatch note > Tab Shipments > Select a shipment > Sub-tab ATTRIBUTES*

![Shipments](../../Assets/Screenshots/Fulfillment/DispatchNotes/ShipmentsAttributesAttributes.png "[Shipments]")

**Shipment "Shipment ID"**

- [BACK]  

>     Click this button to go back to the previous view. The *Shipments* view is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Click this button to close the **Shipment "Shipment ID"** view and return to the list of shipments. All changes are rejected.
```

### Shipment attributes &ndash; Attributes

*Fulfillment > Dispatch notes > Tab LIST > Select a dispatch note > Tab Shipments > Select a shipment > Sub-tab ATTRIBUTES > Tab Attributes*

![Shipment attributes](../../Assets/Screenshots/Fulfillment/DispatchNotes/ShipmentsAttributesAttributes.png "[Shipment attributes]")

> In the left margin column, all available attribute groups are displayed. Click a group to display the attributes that are assigned to this group on the right side of the *Attributes* tab. If the shipment contains attributes that are unassigned, the *Unassigned Group* group is automatically displayed in the left margin column.
> 
> The right side of the *Attributes* tab displays all attributes that are assigned to the selected group in the left margin column. Depending on the attribute group selected, the fields displayed vary. All fields are locked and, therefore, read-only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the left margin column, all available attribute groups are displayed. Click a group to display the attributes that are assigned to this group on the right side of the *Attributes* tab. If the shipment contains attributes that are unassigned, the *Unassigned group* attribute group is automatically displayed in the left margin column.

The right side of the *Attributes* tab displays all attributes that are assigned to the selected group in the left margin column. Depending on the selected attribute group, the displayed fields may vary. All fields are read-only.
```

- ![Folders](../../Assets/Icons/Folders01.png "[Folders]") (Folders)  
    Attribute group that contains attribute sub-groups. Click the attribute group or the arrow *>* left to the attribute group to unfold the group and display the attribute sub-groups.

- ![Folder](../../Assets/Icons/Folder01.png "[Folder]") (Folder)  
    Attribute group. Click the attribute group to display all attributes that are assigned to the selected attribute group on the right side of the *Attributes* tab.

> [commnet]: <> (HG: Vereinheitlichen mit oben, Omni-Channel... Also, Folders u. Folder drin oder weglassen?)

Reviewer: Wieso weglassen?

- [x]     
    Select the checkbox to display the editing toolbar. If you click the checkbox in the header, all dependent entities in the list are selected. 

The list displays all dependencies of the selected shipment. Depending on the settings, the displayed columns may vary. All fields are read-only. 

- *Dependent entity ID*   
    Identification number of the dependent entity. The ID number is automatically assigned by the system. 

- *Dependent entity type*   
    Type of the dependent entity. 

- *Change tracking mode*   
    Change tracking mode (ETL mode) of the dependent entity. The following options are available:
    - **Manual**
    - **Semi-automatic**
    - **Semi-automatic, changes must be confirmed by another user**   
    - **Automatic**

- *Dependent entity friendly identifier*   
    Descriptive name of the dependent entity. The friendly identifier is normally used to search for the entity in the user interface, for example, a reference number or an SKU.

- [RERUN MAPPING]   
    Click this button to rerun the mapping of the selected entity. This button is only displayed if the checkbox of at least one dependency is selected.	

>     > [Info] If no dependent entities exist, the *No other entities depend on this entity* notice is displayed. 

Reviewer: wie oben anpassen

### Shipment packages

*Fulfillment > Dispatch notes > Tab LIST > Select a dispatch note > Tab Shipments > Select a shipment > Sub-tab PACKAGES*

![Shipments](../../Assets/Screenshots/Fulfillment/DispatchNotes/ShipmentsPackages.png "[Shipments]")

- ![Search](../../Assets/Icons/Search.png "[Search]") (Search)   
    Click this button to display the search bar and search for packages.

- ![Refresh](../../Assets/Icons/Refresh01.png "[Refresh]") (Refresh)   
    Click this button to update the list of packages.

- ![Columns](../../Assets/Icons/Columns.png "[Columns]") Columns (x)   
    Click this button to display the columns bar and customize the displayed columns and the order of columns in the list. The *x* indicates the number of columns that are currently displayed in the list.

- ![Filter](../../Assets/Icons/Filter.png "[Filter]") Filter (x)   
    Click this button to display the filter bar and customize the active filters. The *x* indicates the number of filters that are currently active.

The list displays all packages contained in the selected shipment. Depending on the settings, the displayed columns may vary. All fields are read-only.

- *Packaging type*  

>     Packaging type name. Packages types can be defined in the *PACKAGING TYPES* tab of the *Settings* menu entry, see [Manage the packaging types](../Integration/02_ManagePackagingTypes.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Packaging type name. Packaging types can be defined in the *PACKAGING TYPES* tab of the *Settings* menu entry, see [Manage the packaging types](../Integration/02_ManagePackagingTypes.md).
```

- *Created*  
    Date and time of the creation.

- *Modified*  
    Date and time of the last modification.

- *ID*  
    Packaging type identification number. This number is automatically assigned by the system.

-  *Tracking number*  
    Package tracking number.

- *Tracking link*  
    Package tracking link.

- *Package ID*  

>     Package identification number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Package identification number. This number is automatically assigned by the system.
```
falls das stimmt... ;-)

- *Proof of delivery*  

>     Proof of delivery, if required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Proof of delivery.
```
Beispiel ergänzen möglich?

    

#### Items

*Fulfillment > Dispatch notes > Tab LIST > Select a dispatch note > Tab Shipments > Select a shipment > Sub-tab PACKAGES > Select a package*

![Items](../../Assets/Screenshots/Fulfillment/DispatchNotes/Items01.png "[Items]")

- ![Refresh](../../Assets/Icons/Refresh01.png "[Refresh]") (Refresh)   
    Click this button to update the list of items.

- ![Columns](../../Assets/Icons/Columns.png "[Columns]") Columns (x)   
    Click this button to display the columns bar and customize the displayed columns and the order of columns in the list. The *x* indicates the number of columns that are currently displayed in the list.

- ![Filter](../../Assets/Icons/Filter.png "[Filter]") Filter (x)   
    Click this button to display the filter bar and customize the active filters. The *x* indicates the number of filters that are currently active.

The list displays all items contained in the selected package. Depending on the settings, the displayed columns may vary. All fields are read-only.

- *Item number*  
    Item number in the package.

- *SKU*  

>     Stock Keeping Unit. Identification number of the product.

Reviewer: of the product oder of the item?

    You can add a column for each attribute that is assigned to the item. The column displays the attribute name, the row displays the corresponding attribute value of the item.

## Dispatch note "Dispatch note ID" &ndash; Logs

*Fulfillment > Dispatch notes > Tab LIST > Select a dispatch note > Tab Logs*

![Dispatch note logs](../../Assets/Screenshots/Fulfillment/DispatchNotes/DispatchNoteLogs.png "[Dispatch note logs]")

This tab displays an extract from the list of intents contained in the *Logging* menu entry. The intents displayed in this tab only refer to the selected dispatch note. For a detailed description of this window and the corresponding functions, see [Connections (Logging)](./02a_Connections.md).

## Create view

*Fulfillment > Dispatch notes > Tab LIST > Button Points > Menu entry create*

![Create view](../../Assets/Screenshots/Fulfillment/DispatchNotes/CreateView.png "[Create view]")

- *Name*   
    Enter a name for the view.

- [CANCEL]   
    Click this button to cancel creating a view. The *Create view* window is closed.

- [SAVE]   
    Click this button to save the new view and display it in the *VIEW* drop-down list. The *Create view* window is closed.

> This window can also be accessed from the following tabs in the user interface:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This window can also be accessed via the following tabs in the user interface:
```

- [CONNECTIONS (Logging)](02a_Connections.md#create-view)
- [CONNECTIONS (Settings)](03a_Connections.md#create-view)
- [PACKAGING TYPES](03b_PackagingTypes.md#create-view)

## Rename view

*Fulfillment > Dispatch notes > Tab LIST > Button Points > Menu entry rename*

![Rename view](../../Assets/Screenshots/Fulfillment/DispatchNotes/RenameView.png "[Rename view]")

- *Name*   
    Click this field to edit the view name.

- [CANCEL]   
    Click this button to cancel renaming the view. The  *Rename view* window is closed.

- [SAVE]   
    Click this button to save the changes and display it in the *VIEW* drop-down list. The *Rename view* window is closed.

> This window can also be accessed from the following tabs in the user interface:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This window can also be accessed via the following tabs in the user interface:
```
